1. Describe the types of update anomalies that may occur on a relation that has redundant data.
Types of update anomalies include: Insertion anomaly, Deletion anomaly, Modification anomaly.
2. Describe the concept of functional dependency.
Functional Dependency: Describes the relationship between attributes in a relation. 
3. How is the concept of functional dependency associated with the process of normalization?
Have a one-to-one relationship between attribute(s) on left and right-hand side of a dependency;
hold for all time;
are nontrivial.
4. Describe the concept of full functional dependency and describe how this concept relates to 2NF. Provide an example to illustrate your answer.
设X,Y是关系R的两个属性集合，X’是X的真子集，存在X→Y，但对每一个X’都有X’!→Y，则称Y完全函数依赖于X。
通过分解可以将一个低一级范式的关系模式转化成若干个高一级范式的关系模式，这个过程就叫做规范化。
5. Describe the concept of transitive dependency and describe how this concept relates to 3NF. Provide an example to illustrate your answer.
当2NF消除了非主属性对码的传递函数依赖，则称为 3NF。因此 3NF 既消除了非主属性对码的部分函数依赖，又消除了非主属性对码的传递函数依赖。
6. (a)Patient No → Full Name
 Ward No → Ward Name
 Drug No → Name, Description, Dosage, Method of Admin
 Patient No, Drug No, Start Date → Units per Day, Finish date 
(b)First Normal Form
Patient No, Drug No, Start Date, Full Name, Ward No, Ward Name, Bed No, Name,
Description, Dosage, Method of Admin, Units per Day, Finish Date
Second Normal Form
Patient No, Drug No, Start Date, Ward No, Ward Name, Bed No, Units per Day, Finish
Date
Drug No, Name, Description, Dosage, Method of Admin 
Patient No, Full Name
Third Normal Form/BCNF
Patient No, Drug No, Start Date, Ward No, Bed No, Units per Day, Finish Date
Drug No, Name, Description, Dosage, Method of Admin
Patient No, Full Name
Ward No, Ward Name 
(c)Patient No(FK), Drug No(FK), Start Date, Ward No(FK), Bed No, Units per Day, Finish
Date
Drug No, Name, Description, Dosage, Method of Admin
Patient No, Full Name
Ward No, Ward Name
 Primary keys underlined. 
